# **Privacy Policy**

Last updated 27 March 2025 

In this Privacy Policy we describe how and why we might access, collect, store, use, transfer and/or share ("process") your personal data when you use our application ("App"). Reading this Privacy Policy will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use the App.

1. # **Data We Collect and How We Use It**

   Our principal approach is to process as little user information (personal data included) as possible to ensure a private user experience when using the App. 

   

   1. We do not ask for your name, date of birth, health info, or any other personal details. You don’t need an account to use our App. 

   2. We do not process sensitive personal information. 

   3. We do not process any data you record using the App, as we do not have a server to store it. It all stays on your device unless you choose to export it. Do not send us files with your personal records, generated by the App. Such emails will be deleted. 

   4. We collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to us when you contact us with questions, send us support requests, bug reports, or feature requests. The legal basis for processing is our legitimate interest to manage your requests, troubleshoot and improve the quality of the App. The data you provide when you contact us is not used for any targeted advertising or any profiling. 

We may process your data where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.

2. # **Third-Party Data Processor(s)**

   1. **Firebase Crashlytics:** To improve the stability and reliability of the App, with your explicit consent, we may use Firebase Crashlytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, with offices at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. 

      1. If the App crashes, Firebase Crashlytics creates crash reports to help us fix issues. It uses installation UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash, the timestamp of when the crash occurred, the app's bundle identifier and full version number, the device's operating system name and version number, a boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted and other technical information. This information is automatically collected, and does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information). For more information about what data is collected by Firebase Crashlytics, see:

         [https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy\#crash-stored-info](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy#crash-stored-info).

      2. WhenFirebase Crashlytics is enabled, information is sent to Google servers based on your consent. Transfers to Google LLC (with offices at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043\) in the US are also possible. 

      3. You can give or refuse consent for our use of Firebase Crashlytics, including transfer mentioned in 2.1.2, when you first open the App. You can also change your consent at any time with effect for the future in the App’s main menu.

      For more information, see the Firebase Crashlytics privacy policy at [https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy) 

3. # **Data Transfer**

   1. Your information, such as Firebase Crashlytics reports, your requests and questions, may be processed in Serbia, as we develop the App there, and in any other locations where third parties involved in processing are based. This means your data may be transferred to and stored on computers outside your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction, where data protection laws may differ from those in your region.  
   2. We take all reasonable steps to keep your data safe and secure, as described in this Privacy Policy.  
   3. By submitting your information and agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you consent to this transfer.

4. # **Retention Time**

   # We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, including compliance with our legal obligations, resolving disputes.

5. # **Security of Your Personal Data**

Be careful when exporting data (the records you entered) from the App. Only export data to an email address or location that you trust and know is secure. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the data you voluntarily export from the App. Keep in mind that if your device is not in your immediate control, anyone could access the data you’ve entered into the App. 

No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

6. # **Children's Privacy**

   The App is not intended for anyone under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16\. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 16, please contact us at \[hello@outputs.health\].

   If we become aware that we have collected personal data from anyone under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, we take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data. 

7. # **Your Rights**

   Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal data we collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete your personal data. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. 

   In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Switzerland), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws (GDPR). These include rights to:

   **Access:** You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.

   ‍**Correction:** You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete data we hold about you.

   ‍**Deletion:** You can ask us to delete your personal data. There may be exceptions to the right to erasure for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request. 

   ‍**Restriction:** You can ask us to limit how we process your personal data.

   **Information:** If you ask to change, delete or restrict your personal data, we must inform anyone who received it — unless it’s too difficult. You can also ask who they are.

   ‍**Portability:** Where applicable, you may also have a right to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data.

   **Withdraw consent:** Where you have provided us with consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw this consent at any time with effect for the future.

   ‍**Objection:** You can object to certain types of processing, like marketing.

   **Complaint:** You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.

   To exercise your rights, email us at \[hello@outputs.health\]. We aim to respond to requests within a month. If your request is complicated, it may take longer, and we will keep you updated.

   We may need verification of your identity to process a request. If you provide us with proof of identity containing information that does not match our records, we may request further proof of identity from you. This is a security measure to ensure that your personal data is not disclosed to any person who does not have a right to receive it.

8. # **Links to Other Websites**

   # Our App may contain links to third-party websites. We do not control these sites and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We recommend reading their privacy policies before interacting with these sites.

9. # **Changes to This Privacy Policy**

   We may update this Privacy Policy occasionally. Please check this page periodically for any changes and refer to the “Last updated” date at the top of the page to know if it has been revised since your last visit. Changes take effect as soon as they are posted here.

10. # **Contact** 

    If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, you can contact us at:  
     \[hello@outputs.health\]